addition in note (#7984)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/windows-autopilot/white-glove.md

The Windows Autopilot for white glove deployment pre-provisioning process will apply all device-targeted policies from Intune.  That includes certificates, security templates, settings, apps, and more – anything targeting the device. Additionally, any apps (Win32 or LOB) that are configured to install in the device context and targeted to the user that has been pre-assigned to the Autopilot device will also be installed. Please make sure not to target both win32 and LOB apps to the same device, as this can make troubleshooting difficult if there are app installation failures. For more information, see [Add a Windows line-of-business app to Microsoft Intune](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/intune/apps/lob-apps-windows).

> [!NOTE]

> > Select language mode as user specified in autopilot profiles to ensuer easy access into white glove provisioning mode. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Select the language mode as the user specified in Autopilot profiles to ensure easy access into white glove provisioning mode. 
```
